# Chapter 1 of DOET
This is my second time reading this text after going into it in depth the first time so forgive me if I bring some things up from further in the text. Hearing the beginning part about the doors makes much more sense on the second listen. Some doors in reality definitely fail in the realm of design. There are some universal signifiers for pull to open doors that are used on push to open doors all the time. They just don’t consider the user at all. This makes me really understand the section of the text talking about how the design should be blamed for user errors rather than the users. Designs should be thinking about everything that could go wrong as humans tend to make errors. When designing something people should be able to understand what they are able to do and how to do it. A design needs both signifiers and affordances. Affordances are useless if a user doesn’t know it exists. I also found it interesting that he talked about how as technology evolved and our engineering evolved, we gained more affordances in our technology but less signifiers. Designers seem like they are adding as many features as they can into each product without thinking about the user. As the author said themself, no matter how impressive a piece of technology is, it doesn’t matter if people don’t know how to use it. I feel like this speaks a lot towards modern technology since designers are all trying to create the next best thing or reinvent things without focusing on how to actually make them user-friendly. 

After talking about affordances and signifiers I should probably go into defining what they are. Affordances are things you can do with an object or something that the object "affords" you to do. An example of this would be that a door affords you to open it and walk through it and a seat allows you to sit on it. A signifier is something that signals or shows off the affordances of an object. An example of this using my previous examples would be a knob the signifies a door can be opened. For the seat a cushion, backrest, and the height of the seat signifies it's affordance of sitting.
